so the priorities for picking housing? Uh, that's simple. There, you know
you're married. You have kids, then, uh, happy spouse. Happy life,
uh, has always been a good package Thio, Lou Bott and then as faras
kids getting school districts. But frankly, there you can find those
on the internet. Realtor dot com, for one will tell you what the
school district's are. And then you just do a circle search out from
there and figure out what works for your budget. One look safe. You
know the dot com You can plug in all kinds of parameters to drive
shopping, lifestyle, coffee houses, et cetera, et cetera, and they'll
show up on the back. And I'll tell you, you know, yeah, there's a
reason that house cheap because high high crime area I want to pass
on that one because you want to know that your family is safe while
you're gone. Um, if you happen to get assigned overseas specifically,
there are the danger roussanne anyone, the med or over one. That is
an exception. Fifth fleet. Uh, you might have a choice to live on
the base. I would say base housing safe. Okay. You don't have to worry
if you got a new family, you've got a young young Children. Well,
basically, it just takes that strain a way of not knowing. Are they
sick? Well, yeah, We're gonna be safe, okay?